Testing deployment of Blazor web assembly

### GOAL SUMMARY
Tac (a codename for a game engine SDK) needs a static demo to showcase its capabilities. In the future, it will also need a constrained workspace that enables developers to test it and provide feedback.
- The demo must be web accessible, and must work on phones. 
- The workspace should be web accessible, and ideally works on phones.

Protecting Tac's proprietary codebase is incredibly important. Therefore:
- A solution must utilize a compiled version of Tac, such as a DLL.
- The Tac DLL should be inaccessible to web browsers. This is a soft requirement for the near term, and a hard requirement afterwards.

### BLAZOR
Blazor is one of Microsoft's .NET web solutions. It supports server side (using IIS) and client side (static) publication models. As Tac is written in .NET, this seems like a natural fit for our current goals.

Early deployment is expected to take place on GitHub Pages, using the repo tedbrownxr/tedbrownxr.github.io, which is accessible via the web at tedbrownxr.github.io.

### Open Questions
The ecosystem of GitHub Pages is incredibly deep and broad, so it may not come as a surprise that initial attempts to deploy the basic dotnet new blazorwasm project have not been successful. (currently, the page shows the readme of the repo)

- How can we confirm whether or not IIS is required for our goals?
- - If it is required, what are good hosting services we could use?
- On GitHub pages, how can a workflow be configured to produce the example web assembly project as a static file?
- Where are the files that are generated by the workflow?
- How is an external DLL added to – and then utilized – in a Blazor project on a static site?
- How must an external DLL be exported to work with Blazor?

